[nucleus-3.0] replace fieldset to form group (#231)
centrica-engineering/nucleus-docs: docs/patterns/asking-for-information.md

### Group by type of control

> Radio buttons and checkboxes should be grouped in their own respective form groups. The legend should be used to provide context to the choice(s) a customer is being asked to make. Each form control should use their own label as the answer. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Radio buttons and checkboxes should be grouped in their own respective form groups. The `legend` attribute should be used to provide context to the choice(s) a customer is being asked to make. Each form control should use its own label as the answer. 
```

These are extremely common form control elements used to ask customers to make choices from a small list of options, or to answer simple yes/no questions, or to toggle a single option on or off. 

> Radio buttons and checkboxes are usually in the form of a question - such as "Are you a British Gas customer?" or "Which British Gas services would you like to choose?".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Radio buttons and checkboxes are usually the answers to a question asked in the `heading` attribute of the `ns-inputter` - such as "Are you a British Gas customer?" or "Which British Gas services would you like to choose?".
```
